Sabretooth's Queueing System
-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

When an operator is ready to make a call the queueing system determines which participant is to be
contacted using a prioritized list of queues.  All mention to participants below are specifically
those participants who:
  - are eligible for the study
  - are to be processed by the current site
  - have at least one interview which has not been completed
  - are not currently assigned to a user

Queues include:

1. Participants with missed appointments
    This list is generated by searching for all participants which have appointments in the past.
    When the appointment time (on any day) occurs the participant is contacted with the purpose of
    scheduling a new appointment.

2. Participants with an upcomming appointment
    This list is generated by searching for all participants which have appointments in the future.
    When the appointment time occurs the participant is contacted and the associated interview is
    continued at it's current stage.
    If a connection is made then the appointment is cleared from the system.

3. Participants with specific availability
    This list is generated by searching for all participants which have one or more specific
    availability times and have started an interview associated with the current site.
    When the availability time occurs the participant is contacted and the associated interview is
    continued at it's current stage.

4. Participants who have previously been contacted
    This list in generated by searching for all participants which have been previously contacted
    with one of the following previous contact statuses:
      - busy
      - wrong number
      - no answer
      - machine message
      - machine no message
      - fax
    Each of these statuses are associated with a delay time.  Once the delay time has been reached
    they are contacted again.  More detailed handling of these re-contacts (stop calling after 10
    'no answer' statuses, etc).
    Each status is treated as a separate queue.

5. Participants who have not yet been contacted
    This list is generated by searching for all participants who have never been called.  If the
    participant has specific availability then they are only called when their available time
    occurs, if not then they can be called anytime.

Queue Ordering:

Whenever a new call is to be made, a participant is searched for in the above queus in the order
they are listed.  For example, if queue #1 has a participant it is chosen.  If not then we look for
a new participant in queue #2, if none is found then queue #3 is searched, etc, until a participant
is found.
Queus can be disabled, in which case they will be skipped when searching for a new participant to
call.  Queues can also be re-ordered.  Participants CAN NOT be manually moved from one queue to
another as these quese are determined dynamically according to their definitions.
